do it Mars do it to me now need it
you're the only one if this is the way I
like it
if I give you any more collagen your
lips are gonna look like they got stuck
in a pool drain morning morning is
Harriet leave me alone very fragile
right now
what's that fragrant means me la no
Chips Ahoy mmm melih Mars you know
you're in a gay bar I know honey I know
that's a great day so many nice lesbians
just everywhere you look there lesbian
really polluter come on Elise you could
tell me that cheekbones the jawline you
just have a little bit of a full ivana
oh all right I have been freshen up a
little bit where they do with the stuff
and take off if you get to keep it
I had a mare in a home I wore shorts
higher than a mite starch them oh you
did yeah well I mean I supervised hello
what's the matter boy can't you buy our
whole dress at least hi I'm Phoebe I've
seen all your movies and I want to be
just like you only me huh hey brought my
son's [ __ ] lips here gift we want to
enjoin which I've never even been know
I'm talking about justice put it in
there
okay First Wives Club will come to order
be afraid be very afraid
ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba don't you touch
them drop at you heat stop it don't try
to change the in this is about justice
[Music]
hey sunshine
wake up and smell the on happy days net
Midler Goldie Hawn Diane Keaton here so
nineties we can help them hard we can
help them fall
the First Wives Club
[Music]
ladies remember what don't get mad get
everything
[Music]